0.4.14

0.4.14
repo ver V1.10.34
stopping the go-bluetooth service now turns off the indicating LED.
added kl15_monitor service to automatically turn off the controller when the kl15s are low.
added sync in a lot of update scripts, to clear out the delayed allocation buffer and not lose data upon suddon poweroff.
added aliases for gocontroll scripts to the update script
parse_a2l now sorts the signals and parameters so the list is easier to interact with in node-red
read_simulink_signal and write_simulink_parameter now run the parse_a2l script when the node is starting up
to prevent them from reading from outdated memory locations
read simulink signal now sends out its message in the form of msg.payload.signalNames and has an additional timestamp added as msg.payload.TimeStamp.

0.3.14
repo ver V1.9.32
fixed faulty control of the IR module refueling LED control
fixed output module bugs in node-red, incorrect documentation and peak time bug for peak and hold.
fixed the bluetooth name generated in first-install
user feedback improvements for the simulink read/write nodes in node-red
updated uiojs from 1.0.4 to 1.0.5
fixed bugs in read-simulink-signal and write-simulink-parameter nodes, uiojs import check was broken and is now fixed.
improved detection of whether the simulink model is running.
fixed the parameter writing key.
small improvement to parse_a2l.py.
fixed the bluetooth startup for the GOcontroll display controller.
fixed the MAC address of the bluetooth module
fixed update scripts to handle added files better and to not overwrite configurations in /etc/
added current based peak and hold for the output module in firmware 1.3.2

0.3.13
repo ver V1.9.27
fixed upload server so it no longer hangs on unknown files being sent.
Added read simulink signal and write simulink parameter to the nodered nodes. These can be used to communicate with a running simulink model directly instead of through files.
Added go-parse-a2l command, this parses the a2l file in /usr/simulink/ so it can be used by the new nodered nodes, and future applications involving direct memory reading/writing.
Bugfix on firmware of IR module. new version added to repositorie. For changes check IR repo.

0.2.13
repo ver V1.8.24
mismatched version files.

0.2.12
repo ver V1.8.24
Added base for UIO interrupts.
Improved name generation for the bluetooth adapter and access point.
go-test-can added to aliases
can test now disables leds after 5 seconds
install script will now check if ~/.bashrc needs to be appended.
Update protocol improvements, manual update can now choose between stable or development.
new manual /etc/controller_update/manual_update.py script added, for manual updates without the app.
Bugfix on upload-new-module-firmware.js and module-info-gathering.js, these scripts now also toggle nodered and go-simulink if they are active.
these two services would claim modules in the controller which then would not be scanned by these programs.
Bugfix on gps.js node that converts GPS raw signal to longitude and latitude.
Added firmware file for IR model HW version 20300302
Updated the GPS node that is now compatible with the SIMCOM 7600G
identify now checks whether a simulink model was running and asks the user if they want to proceed
fix in module-info-gathering for the moduline screen

0.1.12
repo ver V1.6.18
gocontroll-first-install script now has the choice between a development build and a latest stable release
Aliasses added for some of the gocontroll scripts
Added improved argument checking for the upload-new-module-firmware.js script
Added a script to reset wifi networks and bring the access-point back up

0.1.11
repo ver V1.6.16
Fixed the access point credentials when it gets created by the app for some reason.
Fixed bug with Node RED can send. 0 was ignored as new value.

0.1.10
fixed updates for the moduline mini.
the html files for node-red need to be patched again after the update with the newest patch files.

0.1.9
Removed no longer usefull firmware files from the repository, this fixed an issue where the mac address of the bluetooth interface would change to AA:AA:AA:AA:AA:AA after an update.
Fixed a bug where installModuleFirmware.py would attempt to update the last module even though there wasnt an update available
Fixed the controller version display for longer version numbers in rfcommServer.py

0.1.8
Minor bugfixes, automatic update checking was not working
machine-info file removed from repository

0.1.7
Improved error feedback to app users, server crash now very unlikely
Module firmware can be updated from the app
Module configuration can be refreshed from the app
Improved verification mechanism


0.0.7
Demonstration release, intended for showing the update functionality.
Functions include
Manage Wifi connections
Activate Wifi access point
Manage ethernet interface dynamic/static ip
Manage wwan interface
Manage CAN interfaces
Set controller bluetooth name, view controller information
View controller module configuration
Manage several services on the controller